hey guys welcome to another bucket
talking to Tron today it's on sky stone
which is a custom world generator so
this awesome plugin allows you to have
new strange worlds to explore and just
survive in which is pretty awesome cuz
it gets a bit samey
with this so be it'd be pretty fun for
factions to be honest so what you want
to do is not do well it says on the
bucket page because when I tried that I
got an error and I did exactly what it
said but that didn't work messing with
my bucket ymail and I found the better
easier methods which is using multiverse
so you do mV create cool it's something
like test the world's gonna be normal
and then you're gonna want to do - G and
paste in the generator which is guys
stone Jen and then you're gonna want to
hit enter so I've already done that but
you will get two messages in the console
telling you how much of the world has
been generated and when it gets for a
hundred percent um VTP and in the world
so this is what the world actually looks
like as I did it earlier so might get a
bit lag while it's loading so let me
just go down a bit it looks really
really cool so there's cave systems and
here there is lava there's water and
some of them connect some floating and
there's mushrooms and trees and ores so
you could definitely survive in it
that's everything you need it's really
cool this is nice
so yeah there is caves and there's mobs
lots lots of mobs let's just go for and
just have a look-see so there is
different biomes on them so there I
don't know the biomes off by heart but
there's the dark spruce biome
there's the oak biome
and that's the new dark oak isn't it
biome is this does it say roofed forest
that's the one what is that over there
Alex interesting it's a pool of water so
this plugin really has it always just
really cool just it was just improve
normal survival mode which gets a bit
boring so you have a chance to die every
time you go somewhere yeah it works
really well once you get past the
loading of the chunks initially it will
be fine so there's some plain biomes
here not much on them because an NPC
village could spawn I don't know whether
it can but if it if that could be added
that'd be really awesome yeah just one
on top of here that'd be so cool
actually
so yeah this is cool so this is really
cool plugin
I've had no trouble with that part from
the bucket ymail method but yeah
download link will be below lapis
subscribe like comment and tell you what
plugin you want to see next